feat: Update `txParams` gas properties in when controller `updateTransactionGasFees` method is called with `userFeeLevel` (#5800)
MetaMask/core: packages/transaction-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add automatic update `txParams` gas values when controller `updateTransactionGasFees` method is called with `userFeeLevel` ([#5800](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5800))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically update gas fee properties in `txParams` when `updateTransactionGasFees` method is called with `userFeeLevel` ([#5800](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5800))
```
